Remove virustotal feature and dashboards in favor of malware dashboard (#7038)
wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed agent RBAC filters from dashboard queries [#6945](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/pull/6945)
- Removed GET /elastic/statistics API endpoint [#7001](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/pull/7001)

> - Removed virustotal feature and dashboards in favor of malware dashboard [#7038](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/pull/7038)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Removed VirusTotal application in favor of Malware Detection [#7038](https://github.com/wazuh/wazuh-dashboard-plugins/pull/7038)
```
